# Youtube-Comments-Analysis-and-Spam-Ham-Predictions

ABSTRACT
As the popularity of content sharing websites such as YouTube and Flickr has increased, they have become targets for spam, phishing and the distribution of malware. On YouTube, the facility for users to post comments can be used by spam campaigns to direct unsuspecting users to bogus e-commerce websites. In this project, we demonstrate how spam campaigns uses the vast data of set of comments on youtube videos to predict whether the particular comment is a spam or ham comment. The usage and popularity of content sharing websites continues to rise each year. YouTube now receives more than three billion views per day, with forty-eight hours of video being uploaded every minute;  increases of 50% and 100% respectively over the previous year. Unfortunately, such increases have also resulted in these sites becoming  more lucrative targets for spammers hoping to attract unsuspecting users to malicious websites, where a variety of threats such as scams (phishing,e-commerce) and malware can be found. Spam detection method will prevent user to visit malicious website and pages.Youtube spam, which is referred to as unsolicited comments containing malicious link that directs victims to external sites containing malware downloads, phishing, drug sales, or scams, set of irrelevant comments which is completely different from the video content etc, not only interferes user experiences, but also damages the whole Internet.

used vast data set of comments in which after filteration and cleaning procedures , algorithms such as TFIDF ,LDA,Cosine similarity etc are applied to test data for spam content.The spam flag on each set of comment has helped to implement machine learning algorithms such as K neighbour classifier, multi naïve baye’s classifier, decision tree classifier ,rain forest bound classifier etc on the test data and predicted their accuracy score  and f-score of being a spam or ham comment.

Designed a algorithm  in  which term related comments are clustered in one set and the count of each comment is increased for every upcoming set of terms. Furthur cluster formation is done on the basis of related comments and ouliers are found and rejected for similar kind of data. The comparisons between different algorithms used for spam comment detection is done and their accuracy values are checked so that we can use the best one to predict the spam.

